Okay, you go back
The rest of the way, let me walk alone
Young Master, what did we do wrong?
Why did you send us away?
Yes, Huai'an is big.
If you continue to abide by
Inevitably invaded
A foundation built over many years was destroyed in one generation
I'm afraid I can't even keep my name.
Young Master, we are not afraid
Back then, your father opened the sky and sealed the devil with one sword
Not only save me
It also saved the people of Great Xia
A well-deserved hero
I swear to follow
I vow to follow the young master to the death
Since Lin's face was taken
I wait to accumulate enough strength
Now hanging like a soldier
Ready to go to war
Yes, young master
I'm waiting for a case to accumulate among hundreds of thousands
You're ready to go.
Just waiting for your order.
Please order the young master
I will show the world
Under Shen Huaian's mask
What a dirty face
Eradicate evil
Also lay a clear
It's Xiao Shou
Shen Huaian's son is coming soon
I'm going to cut him first
If he leaves, check his movements
Is the young master
Ouyang, go check it out.
What exactly happened to me?
Wei Wu is not immune to fake traitors
Is the young master
Shen Huaian assaulted the police and led the way
Sure enough
Hundreds of blood debts and innocence in the heart
It will be paid with your life